Oh ladies and gentlemen what's going on
in his eye the natural Jay George here
for the sports career whoa dot-com as
always and you know it's funny the way
things can change it's funny the way one
overnight sensation can blow up you see
months and months I've been telling Fred
this Fandango fame is a look and I've
been wrong a few times all right when
this first term face I would I this is I
thought this guy's gonna be this guy's
uh this guy's gonna be an absolute
superstar this guy's gonna blow up its
gonna be like just he's gonna be
something else well that's what I
thought um you see obviously it was
wrong but but I also remember when
Fandango I was coming out and he was
doing his videos and I remember you do
though I first you did the whole lot of
mind if I cut in and then all sudden it
was 50 but something happened
no some people originally they liked it
some people did not like it no Fred
wasn't alone many people didn't want
like this gimmick no son Fred I said
Fred this Fandango thing is going to be
good boy me it's gonna let's go it's
gonna be something else and he had his
doubts and he was not ready to do it but
something happened on Monday Night Raw
were all of these people and mostly some
from the UK we we started up we started
a chant that lasted from when Fandango
came out all through the night they were
singing his theme song we were singing
his theme song and it was nuts I was
there alive and it was so crazy we
chanted it during a mixed tag match we
chanted it all throughout the night
three and even John Cena and Mark Henry
and after the show mark John Cena
started again we were chaining it mark
johnson within little dance and um you
know we were we were doing our thing and
uh well it's just when
just went on they actually dum-dum you
played it and I actually have a video of
that of us playing it out here yeah
that's me singing it like a moron this
is as we were falling out and the W is
going on grab me footage of people
dancing around yeah um and that was at
the end of raw we were all leaving and
but went on actually see if I can find
it here this is outside of the arena
yeah and again me singing like a like a
moron but we were in full effect even
there's I heard there's a train doing it
everyone's just going crazy and
apparently now the fandango theme song
look this is the man who bought you of a
nurse theme song you know Shawn Michaels
being sewn Stone Cold's themes on the
rocks theme song talking of course none
other mr. Jim Johnson and now I this
song of his is a at the top of the
charts it's up to the top 20 over the UK
and it's crazy to think I was a part of
that I didn't start it there were about
people like all I call them socceroo
kids were doing this uh weird chant I
think during the bait way bear and I
think that Sheamus match as well that I
didn't know they were saying it was a
soccer song we're trying to figure out
what the hell are they doing and once a
Fandango thing came on so hopefully this
means good things from fandango i heard
they were singing it out in boston folks
you gotta do it you gotta join the
fandango revolution if you have any
questions or any comments or anything of
that nature by all means by all means
definitely get on the fandango bandwagon
there's still room left Frank got on